achievement time or for those of you
that have some kind of a grudge against
the letter H Evo's alright today's
chivos are gonna be for left for den and
they're gonna be back to help and lamb
to slaughter these achievements aren't
necessarily hard to get it's just the
fact that they rely a little bit more on
chance than natural progression of the
game I'll explain a little bit more as I
progress through this a tutorial all
right through the magic of editing gonna
go ahead and fast-forward that because
nobody really wants to watch a loading
screen especially the loading screen on
this game alright at the champ the
campaign that I picked was no mercy
campaign doesn't really matter you can
do this on any campaign it has a little
bit more to do with the ending results
so I just like to pick this one because
uh you know I know this level enough
that I can just pretty much breeze
through it now first one I'm actually
gonna get is a spinal tap where you snap
a zombies neck oh oh not that one
apparently that one was not good enough
to warm me in achievement okay I'm gonna
go ahead and see if I can find another
one like I said spinal tap as you melee
them in the back of the neck snaps or
neck kills them on one shot nope
oh no there it is there it is 110
gamerscore and that is spinal tap
alright progressing a little bit more
through the level I'm gonna come to the
safe room this is the end of this
chapter go ahead and enter the safe room
first and then what I'm gonna do is
pause the game go Callebaut and change
the difficulty to expert other reason I
changed to expert is because I'm about
to shoot take a shot at Bill and in
order and if it was on still uneasy
wouldn't really do a whole lot of damage
so what I'm gonna do is take a shot at
Bill and then I'm gonna revive him but
make sure you were inside the safe room
when you do this or the achievement one
on lock as soon as he enters there's
that achievement the that achievement is
when you leave the safe room go and help
and incapacitated a friend and then head
and make sure he makes it back in all
right next to treatment we're gonna be
moving on to is lamb to slaughter and
that's where we had to incapacitate a
survivor when you're playing is he
infected I found that it's really this
one's a little bit more up to chance
just like the last one so I found it
easier to just uh
load up a second profile and just have
my second controller sitting there so I
am gonna have a split screen and but
there is no one actually playing the
second controller and I'll explain it a
little bit more when the time comes why
I chose to do that keep in mind that if
you don't have a second controller or if
you're somehow too lazy to create a
second account you can't do this with a
friend online you don't have to do it
split-screen basically as long as
they're willing to help you out with it
there shouldn't really be any kind of a
problem you'll notice that what I'm
doing is I'm not really putting up much
of a fight because I'm trying to take as
much damage just to make the achievement
go by a little bit easier make sure that
you have entered the safe room first or
the achievement will not unlock as the
achievement wants you to enter it leave
and then get in incapacitated by a enemy
so right now I'm playing as a second
player I don't have anybody playing as
the first player as like I said before I
just set up a second controller what you
want to do is enter it the reason I'm
holding a meta pack is so the AI bots
don't try and heal me what I'm gonna do
right now is a go ahead and leave the
safe room right now a closed door behind
me so that my a AI teammates don't rush
out behind me trying to uh or at least
messing things up switching back to
first player leaping on him and since
used at such low health that aint
capacitate him a lot faster
there's the achievement unlocked 20
gamerscore and that's the easy way to do
it of course you can do this the legit
way but you know that one's a little bit
more of the chance